You're too late.
I'll get what I want right away
But I'm curious
I've arranged for the cold winter to be the scapegoat
How did you get around the cold winter?
Suspicions about me
It's like passing through the army
The missing women are all due to pure fate
Ok
5 brothers in counterfeit products
The wife they married
They are all women of pure destiny
This is a bit too coincidental
In addition, when Hongdou sees you, his expression is intense
So I thought
Red Bean must have had your guidance in the early years
Just this
The Art of Solitude
The law of longevity
Six Paths of Reincarnation
People who can learn such skills
Only people with cultivation like you
As expected of the five detectives
Yes, it's all me
Even blowing air to your brother
And the medicine Su Yuehan gave were all the bastards I practiced
Now I already have the Xigu Lu Chang Sheng Formation
Get what's in your body again
I can have magical powers
Something in my head hum
You have another soul in your body
You rely on him to solve the case again and again
He's mine now.
So you want me to deal with him
Good boy, look at me
Ah!
Some things you can't take away
But you can feel it
Reiki in the body
How can it be so powerful